to write an evaluation on Sailor who's having problems, but it's still
useful is you just again have to be honest in your writing. You can't,
uh, you know, try and sugarcoat things or use flowery wording or
adjectives to get around the issue. Hopefully, you've been doing your
job as a leader anyway and have been mentoring that person along
the way and telling them early on that they've been having issues and
have identified those to try and have them fix them. You didn't wait
till evil time to now drop the bomb on them that they haven't been
performing the way that you've expected over the last year. You know,
if you're doing that, shame on you. As a leader, you need to have
gotten with that person early on to fix it. But let's assume that
you have done that and they still, you know, aren't the the best or
having issues. But they're still workable. We'll talk to that in the
evaluation. Not everyone can be the Shining Star. Not everyone's gonna
have that early promote evaluation. Some people have to be promotable,
and that's just the reality of things. There's still worth keeping
around they still can do the job, but they're just not necessarily
ready for that next next line of responsibility or that next line
of being promoted. And that's just the reality of things. You have
to be honest in your reporting when you're writing evaluation, and
you have to be honest when you're mentoring and counseling your people.